<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Path][1]
    -   [fromNode][2]
        -   [Parameters][3]
    -   [findNode][4]
        -   [Parameters][5]
-   [TSlot][6]
    -   [Properties][7]
-   [Template][8]
    -   [tslots][9]
    -   [update][10]
        -   [Parameters][11]
    -   [render][12]
        -   [Parameters][13]
-   [TNodeField][14]
    -   [Properties][15]
-   [TNodeType][16]
-   [TNode][17]
    -   [hasTNodeFields][18]
    -   [isAttr][19]
    -   [isInterpolation][20]
    -   [setFieldValue][21]
        -   [Parameters][22]
    -   [render][23]
        -   [Parameters][24]
-   [TValueType][25]
-   [TValue][26]
    -   [constructor][27]
        -   [Parameters][28]
    -   [value][29]
    -   [path][30]
    -   [isRef][31]
    -   [isRaw][32]
    -   [equalPath][33]
        -   [Parameters][34]
    -   [fromData][35]
        -   [Parameters][36]

## Path

Path class provide a simple API to uniquely identify any DOM node. Inspired
by [XPath][37] syntax.

### fromNode

Path.fromNode returns the unique identifier path of the provided node. 
Iterates over all the provided node antecessors and get some of it's 
attributes to create a unique path.

#### Parameters

-   `node` **[Node][38]** The node to retreive its path.

Returns **[string][39]** Returns the unique path as a string.

### findNode

Path.findNode returns the node identified with the path provided. Searches
into the root node provided iterating over all nodes of the path to get 
the referenced node.

#### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][39]** The identifier path of the referenced node.
-   `root` **[Node][38]** The root node where the referenced node will be search.

## TSlot

TSlot object

Type: [Object][40]

### Properties

-   `index` **[number][41]** desc
-   `tnode` **[TNode][42]** desc
-   `tvalue` **[TValue][43]** desc

## Template

Template class allows to create a reactive template based on a string and 
provides a simple API to render and update them.

### tslots

Template.tslots contains a [TSlot][6] array with the raw and 
referenced ones.

Type: [Array][44]&lt;[TSlot][45]>

### update

Template.update function iterates over all the [TSlot][6]s and updates
those that have the same reference that the provided. Then, all the 
[TNode][17]s with an updated [TSlot][6] are rendered again.

#### Parameters

-   `container` **[Node][38]** The parent [Node][46] where it will be 
    updated into.
-   `path` **([string][39] \| [Array][44]&lt;[string][39]>)** The path of the [TNode][17] to update.
-   `value` **any** The new value.

### render

Template.render function performs the rendered process into the 
[Node][46] container provided. It inject the created template and sets
the initial [TSlot][6]s values.

#### Parameters

-   `container` **[Node][38]** The parent [Node][46] to render the template.
-   `data` **([Object][40] \| [Array][44])** The data source to fill the template.

## TNodeField

TNodeField object abstracts a fillable slot of a TNode.

Type: [Object][40]

### Properties

-   `attr` **[string][39]?** The attribute name, if field is for an 
    attribute.
-   `nextElem` **[Node][38]?** The following [Node][46] of the fillable 
    interpolation
-   `value` **any** The value of the field.

## TNodeType

TNodeType constant defines the range of types that a TNode can be.

## TNode

TNode class makes a [Node][46] ready to perform updates reactivly.

### hasTNodeFields

TNode.hasTNodeFields returns if the current TNode has any [TNodeField][14] 
to fill with TValues.

Type: [boolean][47]

### isAttr

TNode.isAttr returns if the current TNode is a fillable attribute with
TValue.

Type: [boolean][47]

### isInterpolation

TNode.isAttr returns if the current TNode is a fillable HTML 
interpolation with TValue.

Type: [boolean][47]

### setFieldValue

TNode.setFieldValue allows setting the value of the current [TNode][17].
It updates the value of the [TNodeField][14] referenced by the index
provided.
[TNodeField][14]'s.

#### Parameters

-   `index` **[number][41]** The index of the [TNodeField][14] to be set.
-   `value` **any** The new value of the referenced [TNodeField][14].

### render

TNode.render function starts the process of renderization of the current
[Node][46], based on the current [TNodeType][16].

#### Parameters

-   `container` **[Node][38]** 

## TValueType

TValueType constant defines the range of types that a TValue can be.

## TValue

TValue class abstracts the value reference of data symbol into an HTML 
template. It provides simple API to create a reference to a data value into a 
string to retrieve the correct value when the template is rendered. It even 
allows storing raw values instead of references.

### constructor

Creates a TValue object base on initial parameters provided. It checks if 
provided value its a raw value or reference value and prepares itself 
based on that information.

#### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][39]?** The path of value into the source data. (optional, default `null`)
-   `value` **any?** The raw value of patherenced data. (optional, default `null`)

### value

TValue.value returns the current raw value of [TValue][26] object 
intanced.

Type: any

### path

TValue.path returns the current reference of [TValue][26] object instanced 
parsed as string.

Type: [string][39]

### isRef

TValue.isRef returns if the current [TValue][26] object instance is a 
reference value.

Type: [boolean][47]

### isRaw

TValue.isRaw returns if the current [TValue][26] object instance is a raw 
value.

Type: [boolean][47]

### equalPath

TValue.equalPath returns if the current [TValue][26] has an equal 
path that the path provided as an argument. If the current [TValue][26] 
is not a reference [TValue][26] rais an Error.

#### Parameters

-   `path`  

Returns **[boolean][47]** If current reference is equal to the provided one.

### fromData

TValue.fromData searches the value referenced by the current [TValue][26]
instance reference into the data object provided as an argument.

#### Parameters

-   `data` **[Object][40]** The source data object to search for the reference.

Returns **any** The value referenced.

[1]: #path

[2]: #fromnode

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #findnode

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #tslot

[7]: #properties

[8]: #template

[9]: #tslots

[10]: #update

[11]: #parameters-2

[12]: #render

[13]: #parameters-3

[14]: #tnodefield

[15]: #properties-1

[16]: #tnodetype

[17]: #tnode

[18]: #hastnodefields

[19]: #isattr

[20]: #isinterpolation

[21]: #setfieldvalue

[22]: #parameters-4

[23]: #render-1

[24]: #parameters-5

[25]: #tvaluetype

[26]: #tvalue

[27]: #constructor

[28]: #parameters-6

[29]: #value

[30]: #path-1

[31]: #isref

[32]: #israw

[33]: #equalpath

[34]: #parameters-7

[35]: #fromdata

[36]: #parameters-8

[37]: https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/XPath

[38]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Node/nextSibling

[39]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[40]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[41]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[42]: #tnode

[43]: #tvalue

[44]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[45]: #tslot

[46]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Node/nextSibling

[47]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
